readme.md, before:

# Agentic AI Optimizer for FinOps in multi-cloud environments

This repository contains the code for the Master's thesis _"Agentic AI for FinOps in multi-cloud environments"_. It is separated in three folders: `prototype` contains the prototype employed in the research, `mcp` the mock MCP servers, data import utilities and scenario generation, and `figures` contains the code used to generate the figures used in the thesis.

The prototype, MCP mock servers and tools are all written in Typescript and use the Bun runtime.

## Prototype

Install dependencies using `bun install` and run using `bun start`. Requires the local MCP servers to be running, and the scenarios to be generated.

## MCP

Install dependencies using `bun install` and run using `bun start`. Relies on import (a sample of) the Azure Public Dataset in a local Postgres database using the command line tools included. There is also a tool to generate the scenarios in this project. The commands for this can be found in `mcp/package.json`.

## Stats

Python project for analysis of simulation results and generating figures.

Commit message:

Update readme, include raw results

readme.md, after:

# Agentic AI Optimizer for FinOps in multi-cloud environments

This repository contains the code for the Master's thesis _"Agentic AI for FinOps in multi-cloud environments"_. It is separated in four folders: `prototype` contains the prototype employed in the research, `mcp` the mock MCP servers, data import utilities and scenario generation, `stats` contains the code used to compute the statistics and generate the figures used in the thesis and the `results` folder contains the simulation outputs used for the thesis.

The prototype, MCP mock servers and tools are all written in Typescript and use the Bun runtime.

### Prototype

Install dependencies using `bun install` and run using `bun start`. Requires the local MCP servers to be running, and the scenarios to be generated.

### MCP

Install dependencies using `bun install` and run using `bun start`. Relies on import (a sample of) the Azure Public Dataset in a local Postgres database using the command line tools included. There is also a tool to generate the scenarios in this project. The commands for this can be found in `mcp/package.json`.

### Stats

Python project for analysis of simulation results and generating figures.

### Results

These are raw outputs from the prototype. Copy these to `prototype/out` to automatically have them detected by the stats & figures code.
